********
Versions
********

Wellmap adheres to `semantic versioning <https://semver.org/>`_.  Briefly, this 
means that minor version upgrades (e.g. 1.1 to 1.2) should never break any 
existing code, while major version upgrades (e.g. 1.1 to 2.0) might.

v3.5.2 (2023-09-15)
===================

Bug Fixes
---------
- Switch from deprecated way of getting matplotlib renderer. [Kale
  Kundert]


v3.5.0 (2023-09-13)
===================

New Features
------------
- Add option to superimpose labels on wells. [Kale Kundert]

  This commit also adds some infrastructure to help with customizing the
  appearance of layouts:

  - The ``extras`` and ``report_dependencies`` arguments to `load()` are
    deprecated, and replaced by the new ``meta`` argument.

  - Style objects can be specified in TOML files, in new [meta.style] and
    [meta.param_styles] tables.

  - The `Style` class was rewritten to give it the ability to check for
    errors, and to merge styles.

  Fixes :issue:`24`


- Add style object, and make utility functions public. [Kale Kundert]


v3.4.0 (2022-05-08)
===================

New Features
------------
- Add hyphen range syntax. [Kale Kundert]

  Fixes :issue:`23`



v3.3.1 (2022-03-26)
===================

Bug Fixes
---------
- Don't drop nans too aggressively. [Kale Kundert]

  Fixes :issue:`25`



v3.3.0 (2022-01-31)
===================

New Features
------------
- Allow ``show(attrs=...)`` to be a string. [Kale Kundert]

  This commit makes several other changes as well:

  - Upgrade parametrize_from_file.
  - Test the actual plots generated by show() and the CLI.
  - Fix a bug relating to plotting nan values.
  - Rename the exception classes.



v3.2.1 (2021-11-10)
===================

Bug Fixes
---------
- Correct color concave well groups. [Kale Kundert]


v3.2.0 (2021-11-09)
===================

New Features
------------
- Pick colors based on well coordinates. [Kale Kundert]


v3.1.1 (2021-10-11)
===================

Bug Fixes
---------
- Better error checking. [Kale Kundert]

  For missing paths and unspecified merge columns.



v3.1.0 (2021-10-07)
===================

New Features
------------
- Allow included layouts to be shifted. [Kale Kundert]

  Fixes :issue:`16`



v3.0.1 (2021-10-01)
===================

Bug Fixes
---------
- Allow multiple patterns to define the same well. [Kale Kundert]


v3.0.0 (2021-04-11)
===================

New Features
------------
- Simplify the *extras* argument. [Kale Kundert]

  Previosuly, whether or not any extras were returned could change
  depending on the content of the TOML file.  This made it impossible to
  write robust scripts that make use of extras.  This commit makes the
  *extras* argument a simple boolean instead of a list of specific keys to
  return if present.  In this way, the return value is consistent and
  completely independent of the input file.

  Fixes :issue:`17`

  BREAKING CHANGE: Scipts using the *extras* argument will need to be
  corrected.



v2.1.0 (2021-01-13)
===================

New Features
------------
- Teach wellmap how to print layouts. [Kale Kundert]


v2.0.0 (2020-11-25)
===================

Bug Fixes
---------
- Have [row] and [col] span all implied wells. [Kale Kundert]

  BREAKING CHANGE:

  This commit guarantees that any parameters mentioned in a [row]/[col]
  block will be applied to any column/row implied in the layout.  Before,
  such parameters would only be applied to columns/rows explicitly
  mentioned in the layout.  The new behavior makes rows and columns more
  natural to reason about: they always grow to the size of the layout.

  Consider the following layout.  Previously, only wells A1 and A12
  would've been included in the layout.  Now, all twelve wells in row A
  are included:

      row.A.x = 1
      col.1.y = 2
      col.12.y = 3

  This commit also fixes a bug where [row]/[col] didn't consider
  columns/rows defined in blocks when deciding which wells to include in
  the layout.   The following layout demonstrates this issue.  Previously,
  this would've been an error because the row wouldn't have found any
  columns to use.  Now, the row finds the columns defined by the block and
  includes wells A1-A3 in the layout:

      row.A.x = 1
      block.2x2.B2.y = 2



